README.md, before:



<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
# terraform-provider-awsutils <a href="https://cpco.io/homepage?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content="><img align="right" src="https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg" width="150" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Latest Release"/></a><a href="https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/commits"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Last Updated"/></a><a href="https://slack.cloudposse.com"><img src="https://slack.cloudposse.com/for-the-badge.svg" alt="Slack Community"/></a>
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

<!--




  ** DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE
  **
  ** This file was automatically generated by the `cloudposse/build-harness`.
  ** 1) Make all changes to `README.yaml`
  ** 2) Run `make init` (you only need to do this once)
  ** 3) Run`make readme` to rebuild this file.
  **
  ** (We maintain HUNDREDS of open source projects. This is how we maintain our sanity.)
  **





-->

Terraform provider for performing various tasks that cannot be performed with the official
[AWS Terraform Provider](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws) from Hashicorp.

This provider is derived in large parts from the official HashiCorp AWS provider. We copied all the boilerplate
functionality so that it follows the `terraform-provider-aws` conventions, but then removed all the standard resources
and added in our own. This module is intended to be used as an escape hatch to accomplish all the hard things that
will never be supported by the official provider due to strong (and valid) opinions of how providers should manage the
lifecycle of a resource. Unfortunately, in the real-world we have to make tradeoffs to get stuff done. That's this
provider in a nutshell.


> [!TIP]
> #### 👽 Use Atmos with Terraform
> Cloud Posse uses [`atmos`](https://atmos.tools) to easily orchestrate multiple environments using Terraform. <br/>
> Works with [Github Actions](https://atmos.tools/integrations/github-actions/), [Atlantis](https://atmos.tools/integrations/atlantis), or [Spacelift](https://atmos.tools/integrations/spacelift).
>
> <details>
> <summary><strong>Watch demo of using Atmos with Terraform</strong></summary>
> <img src="https://github.com/cloudposse/atmos/blob/master/docs/demo.gif?raw=true"/><br/>
> <i>Example of running <a href="https://atmos.tools"><code>atmos</code></a> to manage infrastructure from our <a href="https://atmos.tools/quick-start/">Quick Start</a> tutorial.</i>
> </detalis>





## Usage

Here is how to use this provider in your own Terraform code:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    awsutils = {
      source = "cloudposse/awsutils"
      version = ">= 0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "awsutils" {
  region = "us-east-2"
}
```
See the [Docs](./docs) for additional information.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In Cloud Posse's examples, we avoid pinning modules to specific versions to prevent discrepancies between the documentation
> and the latest released versions. However, for your own projects, we strongly advise pinning each module to the exact version
> you're using. This practice ensures the stability of your infrastructure. Additionally, we recommend implementing a systematic
> approach for updating versions to avoid unexpected changes.





## Examples

Here is an example of using this provider:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    awsutils = {
      source = "cloudposse/awsutils"
    }
  }
}
```

Here are some additional examples:

- [`examples/resources/awsutils_default_vpc_deletion`](/examples/resources/awsutils_default_vpc_deletion/)




## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate or update documentation, run `go generate`.

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

_Note:_ Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

### Testing Locally

You can test the provider locally by using the [provider_installation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/config/config-file.html#provider-installation) functionality.

For testing this provider, you can edit your `~/.terraformrc` file with the following:

```hcl
provider_installation {
  dev_overrides  {
    "cloudposse/awsutils" = "/path/to/your/code/github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/"
  }

  # For all other providers, install them directly from their origin provider
  # registries as normal. If you omit this, Terraform will _only_ use
  # the dev_overrides block, and so no other providers will be available.
  direct {}
}
```

With that in place, you can build the provider (see above) and add a provider block:

```hcl
required_providers {
    awsutils = {
      source = "cloudposse/awsutils"
    }
  }
```

Then run `terraform init`, `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` as normal.

```sh
$ terraform init
Initializing the backend...

Initializing provider plugins...
- Finding latest version of cloudposse/awsutils...

Warning: Provider development overrides are in effect

The following provider development overrides are set in the CLI configuration:
 - cloudposse/awsutils in /path/to/your/code/github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils

The behavior may therefore not match any released version of the provider and
applying changes may cause the state to become incompatible with published
releases.
```

```sh
terraform apply

Warning: Provider development overrides are in effect

The following provider development overrides are set in the CLI configuration:
 - cloudposse/awsutils in /Users/matt/code/src/github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils

The behavior may therefore not match any released version of the provider and
applying changes may cause the state to become incompatible with published
releases.


An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:

Terraform will perform the following actions:

Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
```


## Related Projects

Check out these related projects.

- [Cloud Posse Terraform Utils Provider](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils) - Terraform provider for various utilities (deep merging, stack configuration management), and to add additional
missing functionality to Terraform


## References

For additional context, refer to some of these links.

- [Terraform Plugins](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/plugin-types.html#providers) - Terraform is logically split into two main parts: Terraform Core and Terraform Plugins. Each plugin exposes an implementation for a specific service, such as the AWS provider or the cloud-init provider.



> [!TIP]
> #### Use Terraform Reference Architectures for AWS
>
> Use Cloud Posse's ready-to-go [terraform architecture blueprints](https://cloudposse.com/reference-architecture/) for AWS to get up and running quickly.
>
> ✅ We build it with you.<br/>
> ✅ You own everything.<br/>
> ✅ Your team wins.<br/>
>
> <a href="https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support"><img alt="Request Quote" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/request%20quote-success.svg?style=for-the-badge"/></a>
> <details><summary>📚 <strong>Learn More</strong></summary>
>
> <br/>
>
> Cloud Posse is the leading [**DevOps Accelerator**](https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support) for funded startups and enterprises.
>
> *Your team can operate like a pro today.*
>
> Ensure that your team succeeds by using Cloud Posse's proven process and turnkey blueprints. Plus, we stick around until you succeed.
> #### Day-0:  Your Foundation for Success
> - **Reference Architecture.** You'll get everything you need from the ground up built using 100% infrastructure as code.
> - **Deployment Strategy.** Adopt a proven deployment strategy with GitHub Actions, enabling automated, repeatable, and reliable software releases.
> - **Site Reliability Engineering.** Gain total visibility into your applications and services with Datadog, ensuring high availability and performance.
> - **Security Baseline.** Establish a secure environment from the start, with built-in governance, accountability, and comprehensive audit logs, safeguarding your operations.
> - **GitOps.** Empower your team to manage infrastructure changes confidently and efficiently through Pull Requests, leveraging the full power of GitHub Actions.
>
> <a href="https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support"><img alt="Request Quote" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/request%20quote-success.svg?style=for-the-badge"/></a>
>
> #### Day-2: Your Operational Mastery
> - **Training.** Equip your team with the knowledge and skills to confidently manage the infrastructure, ensuring long-term success and self-sufficiency.
> - **Support.** Benefit from a seamless communication over Slack with our experts, ensuring you have the support you need, whenever you need it.
> - **Troubleshooting.** Access expert assistance to quickly resolve any operational challenges, minimizing downtime and maintaining business continuity.
> - **Code Reviews.** Enhance your team’s code quality with our expert feedback, fostering continuous improvement and collaboration.
> - **Bug Fixes.** Rely on our team to troubleshoot and resolve any issues, ensuring your systems run smoothly.
> - **Migration Assistance.** Accelerate your migration process with our dedicated support, minimizing disruption and speeding up time-to-value.
> - **Customer Workshops.** Engage with our team in weekly workshops, gaining insights and strategies to continuously improve and innovate.
>
> <a href="https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support"><img alt="Request Quote" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/request%20quote-success.svg?style=for-the-badge"/></a>
> </details>

## ✨ Contributing

This project is under active development, and we encourage contributions from our community.



Many thanks to our outstanding contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&max=24" />
</a>

For 🐛 bug reports & feature requests, please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/issues).

In general, PRs are welcome. We follow the typical "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.
 1. Review our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/?tab=coc-ov-file#code-of-conduct) and [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/cloudposse/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
 2. **Fork** the repo on GitHub
 3. **Clone** the project to your own machine
 4. **Commit** changes to your own branch
 5. **Push** your work back up to your fork
 6. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE:** Be sure to merge the latest changes from "upstream" before making a pull request!

### 🌎 Slack Community

Join our [Open Source Community](https://cpco.io/slack?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=slack) on Slack. It's **FREE** for everyone! Our "SweetOps" community is where you get to talk with others who share a similar vision for how to rollout and manage infrastructure. This is the best place to talk shop, ask questions, solicit feedback, and work together as a community to build totally *sweet* infrastructure.

### 📰 Newsletter

Sign up for [our newsletter](https://cpco.io/newsletter?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=newsletter) and join 3,000+ DevOps engineers, CTOs, and founders who get insider access to the latest DevOps trends, so you can always stay in the know.
Dropped straight into your Inbox every week — and usually a 5-minute read.

### 📆 Office Hours <a href="https://cloudposse.com/office-hours?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=office_hours"><img src="https://img.cloudposse.com/fit-in/200x200/https://cloudposse.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Powered-by-Zoom.png" align="right" /></a>

[Join us every Wednesday via Zoom](https://cloudposse.com/office-hours?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=office_hours) for your weekly dose of insider DevOps trends, AWS news and Terraform insights, all sourced from our SweetOps community, plus a _live Q&A_ that you can’t find anywhere else.
It's **FREE** for everyone!

## Trademarks

All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.


## Copyrights

Copyright © 2021-2024 [Cloud Posse, LLC](https://cloudposse.com)



<a href="https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=readme_footer_link"><img alt="README footer" src="https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/img"/></a>

<img alt="Beacon" width="0" src="https://ga-beacon.cloudposse.com/UA-76589703-4/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils?pixel&cs=github&cm=readme&an=terraform-provider-awsutils"/>

Commit message:

Use atmos instead of makefile (#88)
* Added atmos readme

* Added atmos readme

* Increase build timeout from 5 to 15 minutes

README.md, after:



<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
# terraform-provider-awsutils <a href="https://cpco.io/homepage?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content="><img align="right" src="https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg" width="150" /></a>


<a href="https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Latest Release"/></a><a href="https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/commits"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Last Updated"/></a><a href="https://slack.cloudposse.com"><img src="https://slack.cloudposse.com/for-the-badge.svg" alt="Slack Community"/></a><a href="https://cloudposse.com/support/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Get_Support-success.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Get Support"/></a>


<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

<!--




  ** DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE
  **
  ** This file was automatically generated by the `cloudposse/build-harness`.
  ** 1) Make all changes to `README.yaml`
  ** 2) Run `make init` (you only need to do this once)
  ** 3) Run`make readme` to rebuild this file.
  **
  ** (We maintain HUNDREDS of open source projects. This is how we maintain our sanity.)
  **





-->

Terraform provider for performing various tasks that cannot be performed with the official
[AWS Terraform Provider](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws) from Hashicorp.

This provider is derived in large parts from the official HashiCorp AWS provider. We copied all the boilerplate
functionality so that it follows the `terraform-provider-aws` conventions, but then removed all the standard resources
and added in our own. This module is intended to be used as an escape hatch to accomplish all the hard things that
will never be supported by the official provider due to strong (and valid) opinions of how providers should manage the
lifecycle of a resource. Unfortunately, in the real-world we have to make tradeoffs to get stuff done. That's this
provider in a nutshell.


> [!TIP]
> #### 👽 Use Atmos with Terraform
> Cloud Posse uses [`atmos`](https://atmos.tools) to easily orchestrate multiple environments using Terraform. <br/>
> Works with [Github Actions](https://atmos.tools/integrations/github-actions/), [Atlantis](https://atmos.tools/integrations/atlantis), or [Spacelift](https://atmos.tools/integrations/spacelift).
>
> <details>
> <summary><strong>Watch demo of using Atmos with Terraform</strong></summary>
> <img src="https://github.com/cloudposse/atmos/blob/main/docs/demo.gif?raw=true"/><br/>
> <i>Example of running <a href="https://atmos.tools"><code>atmos</code></a> to manage infrastructure from our <a href="https://atmos.tools/quick-start/">Quick Start</a> tutorial.</i>
> </detalis>





## Usage

Here is how to use this provider in your own Terraform code:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    awsutils = {
      source = "cloudposse/awsutils"
      version = ">= 0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "awsutils" {
  region = "us-east-2"
}
```
See the [Docs](./docs) for additional information.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> In Cloud Posse's examples, we avoid pinning modules to specific versions to prevent discrepancies between the documentation
> and the latest released versions. However, for your own projects, we strongly advise pinning each module to the exact version
> you're using. This practice ensures the stability of your infrastructure. Additionally, we recommend implementing a systematic
> approach for updating versions to avoid unexpected changes.





## Examples

Here is an example of using this provider:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    awsutils = {
      source = "cloudposse/awsutils"
    }
  }
}
```

Here are some additional examples:

- [`examples/resources/awsutils_default_vpc_deletion`](/examples/resources/awsutils_default_vpc_deletion/)








## Developing the Provider

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (see [Requirements](#requirements) above).

To compile the provider, run `go install`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

To generate or update documentation, run `go generate`.

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `atmos testacc`.

_Note:_ Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ atmos testacc
```

### Testing Locally

You can test the provider locally by using the [provider_installation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/config/config-file.html#provider-installation) functionality.

For testing this provider, you can edit your `~/.terraformrc` file with the following:

```hcl
provider_installation {
  dev_overrides  {
    "cloudposse/awsutils" = "/path/to/your/code/github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/"
  }

  # For all other providers, install them directly from their origin provider
  # registries as normal. If you omit this, Terraform will _only_ use
  # the dev_overrides block, and so no other providers will be available.
  direct {}
}
```

With that in place, you can build the provider (see above) and add a provider block:

```hcl
required_providers {
    awsutils = {
      source = "cloudposse/awsutils"
    }
  }
```

Then run `terraform init`, `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` as normal.

```sh
$ terraform init
Initializing the backend...

Initializing provider plugins...
- Finding latest version of cloudposse/awsutils...

Warning: Provider development overrides are in effect

The following provider development overrides are set in the CLI configuration:
 - cloudposse/awsutils in /path/to/your/code/github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils

The behavior may therefore not match any released version of the provider and
applying changes may cause the state to become incompatible with published
releases.
```

```sh
terraform apply

Warning: Provider development overrides are in effect

The following provider development overrides are set in the CLI configuration:
 - cloudposse/awsutils in /Users/matt/code/src/github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils

The behavior may therefore not match any released version of the provider and
applying changes may cause the state to become incompatible with published
releases.


An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:

Terraform will perform the following actions:

Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
```


## Related Projects

Check out these related projects.

- [Cloud Posse Terraform Utils Provider](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils) - Terraform provider for various utilities (deep merging, stack configuration management), and to add additional
missing functionality to Terraform


## References

For additional context, refer to some of these links.

- [Terraform Plugins](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/plugin-types.html#providers) - Terraform is logically split into two main parts: Terraform Core and Terraform Plugins. Each plugin exposes an implementation for a specific service, such as the AWS provider or the cloud-init provider.



> [!TIP]
> #### Use Terraform Reference Architectures for AWS
>
> Use Cloud Posse's ready-to-go [terraform architecture blueprints](https://cloudposse.com/reference-architecture/) for AWS to get up and running quickly.
>
> ✅ We build it together with your team.<br/>
> ✅ Your team owns everything.<br/>
> ✅ 100% Open Source and backed by fanatical support.<br/>
>
> <a href="https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support"><img alt="Request Quote" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/request%20quote-success.svg?style=for-the-badge"/></a>
> <details><summary>📚 <strong>Learn More</strong></summary>
>
> <br/>
>
> Cloud Posse is the leading [**DevOps Accelerator**](https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support) for funded startups and enterprises.
>
> *Your team can operate like a pro today.*
>
> Ensure that your team succeeds by using Cloud Posse's proven process and turnkey blueprints. Plus, we stick around until you succeed.
> #### Day-0:  Your Foundation for Success
> - **Reference Architecture.** You'll get everything you need from the ground up built using 100% infrastructure as code.
> - **Deployment Strategy.** Adopt a proven deployment strategy with GitHub Actions, enabling automated, repeatable, and reliable software releases.
> - **Site Reliability Engineering.** Gain total visibility into your applications and services with Datadog, ensuring high availability and performance.
> - **Security Baseline.** Establish a secure environment from the start, with built-in governance, accountability, and comprehensive audit logs, safeguarding your operations.
> - **GitOps.** Empower your team to manage infrastructure changes confidently and efficiently through Pull Requests, leveraging the full power of GitHub Actions.
>
> <a href="https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support"><img alt="Request Quote" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/request%20quote-success.svg?style=for-the-badge"/></a>
>
> #### Day-2: Your Operational Mastery
> - **Training.** Equip your team with the knowledge and skills to confidently manage the infrastructure, ensuring long-term success and self-sufficiency.
> - **Support.** Benefit from a seamless communication over Slack with our experts, ensuring you have the support you need, whenever you need it.
> - **Troubleshooting.** Access expert assistance to quickly resolve any operational challenges, minimizing downtime and maintaining business continuity.
> - **Code Reviews.** Enhance your team’s code quality with our expert feedback, fostering continuous improvement and collaboration.
> - **Bug Fixes.** Rely on our team to troubleshoot and resolve any issues, ensuring your systems run smoothly.
> - **Migration Assistance.** Accelerate your migration process with our dedicated support, minimizing disruption and speeding up time-to-value.
> - **Customer Workshops.** Engage with our team in weekly workshops, gaining insights and strategies to continuously improve and innovate.
>
> <a href="https://cpco.io/commercial-support?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=commercial_support"><img alt="Request Quote" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/request%20quote-success.svg?style=for-the-badge"/></a>
> </details>

## ✨ Contributing

This project is under active development, and we encourage contributions from our community.



Many thanks to our outstanding contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&max=24" />
</a>

For 🐛 bug reports & feature requests, please use the [issue tracker](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/issues).

In general, PRs are welcome. We follow the typical "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.
 1. Review our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils/?tab=coc-ov-file#code-of-conduct) and [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/cloudposse/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
 2. **Fork** the repo on GitHub
 3. **Clone** the project to your own machine
 4. **Commit** changes to your own branch
 5. **Push** your work back up to your fork
 6. Submit a **Pull Request** so that we can review your changes

**NOTE:** Be sure to merge the latest changes from "upstream" before making a pull request!

### 🌎 Slack Community

Join our [Open Source Community](https://cpco.io/slack?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=slack) on Slack. It's **FREE** for everyone! Our "SweetOps" community is where you get to talk with others who share a similar vision for how to rollout and manage infrastructure. This is the best place to talk shop, ask questions, solicit feedback, and work together as a community to build totally *sweet* infrastructure.

### 📰 Newsletter

Sign up for [our newsletter](https://cpco.io/newsletter?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=newsletter) and join 3,000+ DevOps engineers, CTOs, and founders who get insider access to the latest DevOps trends, so you can always stay in the know.
Dropped straight into your Inbox every week — and usually a 5-minute read.

### 📆 Office Hours <a href="https://cloudposse.com/office-hours?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=office_hours"><img src="https://img.cloudposse.com/fit-in/200x200/https://cloudposse.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Powered-by-Zoom.png" align="right" /></a>

[Join us every Wednesday via Zoom](https://cloudposse.com/office-hours?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=office_hours) for your weekly dose of insider DevOps trends, AWS news and Terraform insights, all sourced from our SweetOps community, plus a _live Q&A_ that you can’t find anywhere else.
It's **FREE** for everyone!

## Trademarks

All other trademarks referenced herein are the property of their respective owners.


## Copyrights

Copyright © 2021-2025 [Cloud Posse, LLC](https://cloudposse.com)



<a href="https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/link?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils&utm_content=readme_footer_link"><img alt="README footer" src="https://cloudposse.com/readme/footer/img"/></a>

<img alt="Beacon" width="0" src="https://ga-beacon.cloudposse.com/UA-76589703-4/cloudposse/terraform-provider-awsutils?pixel&cs=github&cm=readme&an=terraform-provider-awsutils"/>
